Support node injection for bootstrapping (#53)
holochain/tryorama: README.md

console.log(report)
```

### Networking and tests:

> By default tryorama assumes un-bootstrapped `Quic` networking.

Reviewer: This is claimed, but I don't see how this is actually true yet, it doesn't appear that a default has been set as such

Author: Hah!  You are right.  I did that in the tests, not in the actual code!

}
Config.gen({network})
```

> Note that in this configuration, if you are using multiple conductors in your tests, they will never be able to see eachother!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in this configuration, if you are using multiple conductors in your tests, they will never be able to see each other!
```
